This set of tests is meant to demonstrate the correctness of Xyce when
various delimiters are specified in the netlist.

There are 8 circuits here, exercising DC and transient output in each of four
cases:
  1) No delimiter specified
  2) delimiter=tab specified
  3) delimiter=comma specified
  4) an invalid delimiter specified

SUMMARY:
  PARALLEL RUNS NOT NEEDED.  These netlists are too small.
  Run each of the 8 netlists.
  Compare against the gold standard with a version of xyce_verify.pl built
    after 4 June 2003 (prior versions did not properly parse comma and tab
    delimited output files).
  The results should match exactly, and xyce_verify should exit with no output
   and with an exit code of 0.

  ADDITIONALLY:  check each .prn file to see that it is in fact delimited
   by the character specified:

- transient_defaults.cir.prn and DC_defaults.cir.prn should be space delimited
- transient_tab.cir.prn and DC_tab.cir.prn should be tab delimited
- transient_comma.cir.prn and DC_comma.cir.prn should be comma delimited
- transient_delimiter_invalid.cir.prn and DC_delimiter_invalid.cir.prn should
  be space delimited

  FURTHER:
    In the console output, Xyce should produce no warnings or error messages
  about the delimiter for the default, tab and comma cases, and should
  print a warning about the invalid delimiter specified in the
  delimiter_invalid cases.

COMMENTS:
  The transient and DC netlists in this test were taken from BUG_128
and the test suite's "TEST1" directories, respectively.  The gold
standards were all derived from the "gold standards" for those tests.
The "defaults" gold standards were exact copies of the BUG_128 and
TEST1 gold standards.  The tab and comma gold standards are exactly
the "defaults" gold standard with the delimiters hand-edited.

In some future version of Xyce it is conceivable that numerical
differences could begin to cause testing failures on this issue.  At
that point the gold standards should be 
What is required of this test is that 
  - the "defaults" run produce no warnings about delimiters and
   produce results that are considered correct (i.e. bug 120 and
   "TEST1" should both pass normally, and this test should agree with
   them).
  - The tab and comma tests should produce results that are identical
   to the "defaults" test except for the delimiter, and there should be
   no console warnings.
  - The "delimiter_invalid" tests should produce output that is
   exactly the same as the "defaults" test, but there should be a console
   warning.
